Her name was Natsumi-san.
Goroku orchestrated everything.
If my husband catches on,
Goroku will kill him.
Elections are coming up, no?
The money will go to Yaichi Makita.
His party must win at any cost.
Please, let me see Takumi before I go.
Unfortunately, that won't be possible.
Fuyuhashi and his people
already have you surrounded.
Apologize to Machi on your way to hell.
Run to the parking lot!
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
Get in!
Hurry!
We're getting off.
Our location is still compromised.
Hurry.
Why did you come?
Why wouldn't I protect my wife?
I told you, I'm not your wife.
Were you also bugged?
He's blackmailing you, isn't he?
I know you're Natsumi.
I told you, I'm not...
The Shinowa Cafe at Minami-Rinkan.
That's where we first spoke.
I invited you to come cafe-hopping with me.
Remember Emer in Kyobashi?
Now that place blew our taste buds off.
Don't you miss my Hayase Shortcake?
Don't you miss Takumi?
He insisted you were alive,
all three years you were gone.
Even after we found your corpse,
he fought through his sorrow
to protect the store you loved.
You were watching, weren't you?
He never gives in to his bullies.
He's still waiting for us to come home.
He misses you with all his heart.
He loves you, Natsumi.
He could never forget about you.
Don't you want to see your Takumi again?
Of course I do.
I want to hold him close and never let go.
Natsumi...
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to get you involved.
I'm so, so sorry.
Thank god...
You're alive...
I will end my life as "Ichika Kogo."
Takumi and your mother
are in danger if I stay.
At least I got to see you.
Don't even humor that idea.
We're going home together.
We can't.
My actions caused your mother to get hurt.
I could never go to see Takumi.
He's better off not knowing
his mother was a criminal.
That's not your choice to make.
Mom and Takumi will decide
how they judge you themselves.
You have to go home and talk to them.
Goroku will hunt down our family.
I won't let him.
I'll crush him and the entire organization.
That's impossible.
Don't give up.
Hayase's are known for their tenacity, right?
I finally have an ally I can trust.
Nothing is more heartening than that.
Let's find a path back home together.
We can do this.
Natsumi.
This marks our brand new reboot.
[Riku and Natsumi Hayase, Reboot, Day 1]
Some of it was already turned into cash.
Ichika-chan was liquidating the riches bit by bit.
Is that so?
- Kaieda-san, excuse me.
- Yes?
Right.
My wife told me everything.
You're in a bind
now that the ten billion was found.
If Mr. Ma catches on, you're a dead man.
Good thing Mr. Ma would never believe you.
But you also can't return the money to him.
You need to back Yaichi Makita, after all.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
You'll pay for messing with my family.
And what can you two do?
I know you didn't want us working together.
That's why you painted Natsumi
in a bad light.
You'll regret making an enemy of the Hayase's.
[Gido: Tracking location...]
[Ichika Kogo: Tracking location...]
[Gido: Offline]
[Ichika Kogo: Offline]
Sir?
Adachi, you got a false lead.
Try somewhere else.
Could you two also look into this woman?
[Ichika Kogo, Financial Advisor]
"Ichika Kogo."
Gido...
Hello?
I apologize for calling at this late hour.
Who is this?
It was Hayase.
He betrayed us and helped Ichika escape.
Why did he save Ichika-chan?
Were they an item?
I doubt it.
She was dating Gido-san. It's possible.
Right, they do have the same face.
This is no time for jokes.
My apologies, Sir.
Deal with them.
I don't care what methods you use.
I'll put a hundred million
on each of their heads.
And one more thing.
We will not inform Mr. Ma of the ten billion.
Gido stole the riches,
and the money went missing.
We cannot tarnish our image any further.
Am I clear? This is an order.
Yes, Sir.
Find Ichika and Hayase at once.
What?
Part of the ten billion
had already been cashed in.
Goroku-san
hopes to liquidate the rest, immediately.
Can I count on you to handle it?
What? If Mr. Ma found out,
my head would go flying, too!
Kikuchi-san.
Truth be told, I plan on leaving backstage
to focus my efforts in the spotlight.
This organization will need a new leader.
Hold off on killing her.
She might be Natsumi.
Evening.
Where's Machi?
I transported her to Shelter.
Mom, please protect Dad.
I washed the dishes.
Thank you.
I have the choux shells chilling here.
I'll help fill them after school.
Yes, Chef!
- See you later.
- Have a good day.
Takumi!
Let go of him, you bastard!
I'm with the police!
There are three of them!
Yes, Sir!
Adachi!
- You all right?
- Yes, Sir.
You're strong.
I was trained in the academy.
Excuse me.
Takumi!
- Takumi!
- Grandma...
What's going on?
We got a tip.
A tip?
- Teramoto.
- Yes, Sir.
Walk Takumi-kun back.
Let's wait in the store, okay?
No, I'm listening.
The report claimed your safety
was currently being compromised.
What? Why?
We do not know.
But the caller insisted this was tied
to Natsumi-san's case.
Who is this?
I am Riku Hayase.
He identified himself as Riku Hayase.
Dad...
Rest easy.
Our officers will protect you both.
We'll need you both to stay home for the day.
I'll keep watch for the time being.
How did it go?
The police were guarding him.
Hayase's the one who gave the order.
He jumped in to help as well.
We owe our police insider for the intel.
Not to worry, Sir.
None of these lackeys have ties to us.
We're lucky Hayase showed up. Capture him.
Yes, Sir.
Thank you for your work.
[Police]
All right, time to interrogate these chumps.
We're leaving, Gido.
Sorry, Chief.
I'm staying to guard the Hayase's.
Don't worry about them.
I can't help it. I'm a fan of their pastries.
Sir.
What's up?
This is in front of Hitomi Plastic Surgery.
It's a shot of you walking out their doors,
six months after Natsumi-san was found.
You returned to the office
soon after this date.
Adachi.
What does justice mean to you?
Pardon?
Natsumi-san's case
is tied to Goroku's organization.
But a traitor in the police
is feeding him intel.
We can't crush Goroku without finding them.
Do you have any proof?
No. Call it a detective's hunch.
I want you to find this traitor.
Why would you entrust such an important task
to a rookie like me?
Because I believe
you're on the side of justice.
But Sir... How?
Adachi.
Do our locker rooms
have security cameras in them?
I believe so.
We're leaving, Adachi.
Adachi, listen.
Someone planted a laptop in my locker
when I came back to the office.
That's our traitor.
Look through those security tapes.
You have to help me out.
I'm counting on you.
Gido-san...
May I have a moment?
Please close the shop for now.
Try not to leave the house either.
Will you stay with us?
Sorry.
I came to leave from that window.
What? Why the window?
I can't have the culprit finding me.
Don't worry.
Our officers will keep you two safe.
You can relax, Grandma.
I'll protect you.
Taku-chan...
I promise we'll be okay.
We'll be okay.
So don't worry, okay?
Takumi.
You've become strong, kid.
Hayase's are known for being tenacious.
Isn't that right?
It can't be. Are you...
Take care of your grandma, okay?
Were they okay?
Goroku went after them, but I stopped him.
The police will guard them.
They're safe for now.
I hope Takumi will be all right...
He seemed so anxious.
I ended up pulling his ears.
I see.
How did he react?
He was frozen in shock.
Just like the first time he tried ice cream.
And don't forget cotton candy.
Our cute boy.
Remember how his eyes shot wide open?
I didn't tell him about you.
I really don't think I should return.
I'd only destroy the family.
You're a part of "the family," too.
All right, let's hurry.
We'll finish this while they're safe.
I want to guarantee Ayaka's safety as well.
Of course.
They're here.
Hello there.
This is my wife, Hazuki.
And this is Inspector Gido-san and Kogo-san.
Nice to meet you both.
We apologize for interrupting
your weekend, Ma'am.
Sorry, this will be quick.
Inspector Gido,
please let me enjoy my days off.
Still, perhaps my home gives us privacy.
Excuse me, is my sister...
My subordinates are watching her
for her connections to "Gido."
Ayaka Kogo-san will be safe.
We've almost returned.
Thank you.
I'm surprised you worry about her.
She's a stranger to you, isn't she?
She is my younger sister.
I've been filled in on the situation.
I know you've changed your face, as well.
My wife can testify
about Goroku's tie to Yaichi.
I must first make this known.
If we arrest both Goroku and my brother,
Hayase-san will surely be pardoned.
But the same cannot be said
about you, Natsumi-san.
I'm prepared to atone for my sins.
Please, save my husband.
Our whole family will wait
for her to return home.
What a loving relationship.
I'm jealous.
My wife and I struggle in that regard.
Twelve years ago,
my wife committed a hit-and-run,
which severely stunted my career.
She feels responsible for my fate, even now.
I must move up the ladder
so she can smile again.
Goroku wishes to donate
a large sum of money to Yaichi Makita.
Is that correct?
Yes.
Goroku can have his associate, Kikuchi,
liquidate the riches at any time.
Yaichi will be quick to receive the money.
Then we will aim to catch them during the deal.
Goroku will rush the deal
so Mr. Ma won't catch on.
Please have the Second Investigation Team
keep eyes on Kikuchi.
I would, but Goroku has a spy
within our ranks.
If he learns of our plan, it's over.
I'll need you both to figure out
when this deal is happening first.
But how...
You'll have to get one of
Goroku's people on your side.
I'll try speaking to Fuyuhashi.
He might join us
once he knows Goroku killed Machi.
I'll come with you.
You can't. He'll kill you on the spot.
I can at least speak to him.
Here, use these.
Each phone tracks the other's location.
They transmit surrounding sounds as well.
Though our current statistics
have the dominant party leading,
Yaichi Makita's party is slowly,
yet surely gaining momentum.
Elections are next month.
Will there be a party upset?
Onto our next headline.
Rising costs of foodstuffs are...
Citizens of Japan want you
as their Prime Minister, Mr. Makita.
We cannot let this chance evade us.
Yes.
Citizens are fed up with current politicians
who only prioritize
certain special-interest groups.
[Yaichi Makita]
We must make our move now.
And to that end...
Yes. The ten billion yen.
I'll have it ready by tomorrow.
If I donate to your nominees,
you will become the dominant party, yes?
Of course, I will become prime minister.
This transaction of mine
comes with quite a bit of risk.
The police are already on my tail.
This money is necessary for Japan's survival.
I will emerge victorious
and assuage their suspicions.
Only then will I come to make an appeal.
We must move this country
in a better direction.
Politics and dirty money
are characterized by promises and rewards.
Yet you've never once come to me
for any sort of compensation.
You almost had a self-sacrificial mentality,
but that is precisely why
I felt inclined to trust you.
So long as money is used properly,
this country can start anew.
Efficiently utilize our citizen's tax money,
reduce tax rates,
and combat the declining birth rate.
Politicians are destroying this nation
by ignoring our countrymen.
We must eliminate the rot from within
and reboot this country.
Your ten billion is an investment.
Thankfully, anything is cheaper
than our national budget of 115 trillion yen.
I am prepared to use
any means necessary to save this country.
Aoi.
I leave Shelter in your hands.
I'm sure Machi...
would've wanted the same.
Yes.
Don't move!
Don't move.
I need to talk to Fuyuhashi-san. Wait outside.
You bastard...
Wait in front of the car where I can see you.
Leave your gun here.
Leave it.
Hayase's in the car.
Ichika Kogo was Natsumi.
Goroku's the one who stole the ten billion.
He had Natsumi hire those part-timers
to guard the safe.
Natsumi's not your enemy.
It's Goroku.
Fuyuhashi.
Work with us to crush Goroku.
You take over the organization.
Grant Machi's dreams with the money.
You're still as clueless as ever.
Listen up.
Our world has no business with "the truth."
We only care about "reality."
Machi was murdered.
The culprit was in contact with Ichika.
Goroku-san ordered us to kill Ichika.
He then ordered us to kill you
for letting Ichika go.
Those are the facts.
You're playing into Goroku's hands.
No one can know
the hidden truth of a situation.
Reality is twisted
because of our imagination.
It's only right to judge
what I see with my own eyes.
You'd be avenging Machi.
The ones who really killed Machi
were those who gave up on her.
If you need someone to blame...
Blame me, for inviting her into this world.
Then what's next for you?
Will you continue to be Goroku's dog,
killing and burying people in mountains,
for the rest of your damn life?
When you started Shelter,
you wanted to create a place for lost kids.
That's what you told Natsumi, right?
Was all that a lie?
Fuyuhashi. Make a choice, for your family.
If you want to save them, leave Goroku!
That's a hundred million for us.
Using local ingredients from Yakushima,
we will give guests a taste
of the regional cuisine.
As for activities...
Sorry folks, I'm flying to Yakushima.
Hello?
We captured Hayase.
Great work.
Did he mention any reason why
he let Ichika escape?
No, Sir. We did him in before he could speak.
But he's still alive.
Shall I finish the job?
No, make it look like a suicide.
Yes, Sir.
I'll transport him to his place right away.
You're as speedy as ever, Kikuchi!
Thanks a million.
See you tomorrow.
Ichika-chan?
What, you've come to rely on me after all?
But you're too late. The money is all gone...
Wow, nelly.
Sit.
No need to restrict me.
I won't pounce on you!
I'm always nice and gentle with the ladies.
Goroku must have let you handle the money.
That's between me and my client.
[Kikuchi]
I knew it. Kikuchi is liquidating everything.
Goroku's the one who stole the ten billion.
He wants to give that money to a politician.
Surely he's told you, right?
When and where is the deal happening?
If I betray Goroku-san this time,
I'd be killed for sure.
I'd much rather die by your pretty hands.
Four years ago,
I looked into your bank account.
You were sending part of your embezzled money
to a "Kimie Shimizu" every month.
Kimie was your former wife.
You two even had a son.
You purposefully distanced yourself,
yet continued to pay child support.
What're you going on about?
Don't you recall begging at my feet?
You said if Goroku found out,
he'd take your family hostage.
You begged me not to rat you out.
How do you know all that?
You still haven't caught on?
No...
I don't believe it.
Is it really you?
Are you Natsumi-chan?
I became Ichika-san
because he took my family hostage.
I even got my husband involved in this mess.
I've had enough. I'm ending Goroku's reign.
Impossible.
You don't stand a chance.
The billion from three years ago
was also Goroku's doing.
He pinned the blame on you
and left you half-dead.
We both have a motive against Goroku.
Tell me when and where the deal is happening.
I want to return my husband to his family.
Please.
Put the gun to my head again.
Hurry.
I don't want to die!
If I don't speak, she'll kill me!
Don't worry, no one's listening in.
I just wanted a reason
to disobey my contract.
Corrupted as I may be, I'm still a lawyer.
Kikuchi-chan's already liquidated the riches.
The bills weigh just over a ton.
He's packing them in a truck
to be shipped right to our client.
The deal starts at 6 p.m. tomorrow.
It's happening at an office in Machida,
owned by Yaichi Makita.
The deal will be supervised by myself
and their secretary.
Thank you. Now I can finish Goroku.
T-That's impossible!
There's still a spy among the police!
I have the connections
so go escape overseas.
Life's long, Natsumi-chan!
Good things will still come your way!
I see you still have a soft spot for Natsumi.
That's because I refuse to be a cheater.
Cheaters are real bastards.
Nothing's worse than hurting your family.
I don't lay a hand on married women.
That's my motto.
- Yes, Ma'am.
- What?
Ignore me. I'm just humoring myself.
I have a favor to ask of you, Kaieda-san.
Another one?
- Hello?
- I know the specifics of the deal.
It's happening at 6PM tomorrow,
at an office in Machida,
owned by Yaichi himself.
Thank you.
I'll get our investigation team moving.
My husband has been kidnapped by Fuyuhashi.
I know.
I understand tomorrow's deal is your priority.
Until then, you won't send out your forces.
I will do whatever it takes
to keep my husband alive.
So please, save him
once you've dealt with the deal.
You have my word.
My husband is still alive, right?
He is, indeed.
I still have a card up my sleeve.
I'd like us to speak, in private.
All right.
I'll be waiting at our usual restaurant.
Where is my husband?
I was just about to speak to him.
Hello? Can you hear us?
"Desperate to escape the scene
after murdering his wife,"
"Riku Hayase killed Inspector Gido
and took his place."
"Yet unable to deal with the suspicions
from his fellow officers,"
"he committed suicide
with an illegally procured gun."
Wait, let me speak.
Natsumi.
Natsumi!
[Mum, Takumi, I'm sorry]
The police will realize
this whole scene was faked.
Oh, they won't.
I have a formidable ally within the force.
What're you doing?
Nothing important.
I gotta give you credit, Adachi.
Your hunch was on the mark.
The fingerprints left on this photo
were of Riku Hayase.
That man isn't Gido.
He's Riku Hayase.
And just when you two were reunited.
Really, what a shame.
You think everything will end tomorrow?
I know the specifics of my deal
were leaked to the police.
Please, come join us.
Thank you for your patience, gentlemen.
Excellent work, Natsumi-san.
As you can see now, I was on this side.
I'm glad I had you monitoring the police.
Family truly is a reliable bond.
You two never stood a chance.
Please, save him.
Please, I beg you.
Please save my husband!
I will die in his stead!
Goroku-san, please.
Can we do the rough handling elsewhere?
We hear nothing.
We've simply come to enjoy a meal.
I am well aware.
You're in the presence of important guests.
Please, stay quiet.
Fuyuhashi, I'm begging you.
Say you killed me, and let me go.
Then I'll get the jump on Goroku.
Fuyuhashi!
He's going to kill Natsumi.
You don't want to be a killer, right?
You want to save people.
You think this will make Machi happy?
I'm sorry.
I couldn't make our dream come true.
If I want to grant Machi's dream,
I can't disobey Goroku-san's orders.
You escaped on your own.
Kiriya...
Sorry, Goroku-san's orders.
He told me to call Kikuchi-san,
just in case you betrayed him.
Were you about to let him escape?
Hey, wait...
Goroku-san's orders are absolute.
Save him, please! Please!
Yaichi.
You will roll back my demotion, yes?
You'll lead the police.
I'll lead the nation.
To this country's bright future.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
[Reboot, Last Day]
[Reboot]
Don't you want to see your Takumi-kun again?
[Next: the last chapter: Reboot]
Of course I do.
[The last days of the couple that changed their faces for their family]
I want to hold him close, and never let go.
- You've become strong, kid.
- Dad?
I'll have it ready by tomorrow.
[A turbulent fate. Is it a tearful ending that awaits them?]
We must reboot this country.
I was on this side.
You'll regret making an enemy
of the Hayase's.
Natsumi's not your enemy.
- Natsumi!
- I will die in his stead!
At least I got to see you.